c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe.config
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.pdb
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium_Database_Libraries.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.pdb
c:\users\vuhua\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altium Database Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium_Database_Libraries.AltiumDB.resources
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe.config
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.pdb
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.exe
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.pdb
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium_Database_Libraries.AltiumDB.resources
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium_Database_Libraries.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\vuhua\OneDrive\Documents\GitHub\Altium-Database-Libraries\Altium Database Libraries\obj\Debug\Altium Database Libraries.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
